[Autogenerated] Welcome back to the final module in
AWS developer getting started,
I'm Ryan Lewis And in this module we're going to utilize a couple of AWS
services to speed up the performance of our web application cloud front and
elastic cache both make data and resources available quicker,
meaning there's less time spent retrieving data from
databases or assets from a file store.
Both of these services require few changes to our actual application code,
making it super easy to add these optimizations.
Let's take a look at what we'll be covering this module.
I'll start by introducing cloudfront and explain how you
can use it to fight geographic latency.
Then we'll position are at behind a cloud front distribution and look at
some data around the behavior of the distribution so you can determine
whether you're caching is operating as expected next we'll learn about
Alaska cash and the different engines you can use to easily and quickly
cache data for your application.
Then we'll set up our first cluster and modify our code to use
readiness instead of local memory for our user sessions. Let's get started